In this exercise, you'll be asked to create an RDS database with backups enabled and then
restore that database to a point in time to demonstrate a point in time recovery.
Let's take a quick look at how to create this database.
Within AWS, we go into RDS and we create a database.
RDS will ask us,
we want a standard or easy create.
Doesn't make a whole lot difference, we'll say standard.
We are going to create a MySQL database,
scroll through a fair number of options.
You can say dev test,
just so that we have a simpler database.
We can leave most of these settings as they are for this exercise.
We'll choose a burstable class just to
save some money because the larger classes will cost more money.
Then as we scroll all the way down,
we'll see that there is some additional configuration.
In the additional configuration,
I just want to make sure that backups are in fact enabled, which is the default.
Now with the automatic backups enabled,
this is what enables us to actually do the point in time recovery.
Which is why this is very important for this exercise,
to make sure that this checkbox is in fact checked.
From there, we'll create our database.